Remove extra word (#3964)
rollup/rollup: docs/999-big-list-of-options.md

rollup -i src/main.js ... -e foo,bar,baz
```

> When providing a function, it's called with three parameters `(id, parent, isResolved)` that can give you more fine-grained control:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When providing a function, it is called with three parameters `(id, parent, isResolved)` that can give you more fine-grained control:
```

While there are some exceptions, we usually do not use contractions in the documentation (admittedly 9x "it's" vs. 51 times "it is")
